documentation/experimentation-strategy.md, before:

# Experimentation Strategy
## Game Model
The game is responsible for starting a game and getting a winner
- Start a game
- Mock deck to ensure:
   * Dealer Win
   * Challenger Win
   * Tie
## Deck Model
- Receive a shuffle input -> the deck should be shuffled -> output HIT.
- Receive a draw(player) input -> the deck should draw a card to a specific player -> deck = deck - 1
## Controller Model


## Players Model
- receive a card -> if hand value too low -> HIT
- receive a card -> if count at threshold -> STAND
- receive a card -> if hand value >= threshold -> STAND

## Dealer Model
The dealer is supposed to have a set threshold of 17, 
Mostly a repeat of the challenger tests, with a set threshold of 17. 
1. Threshold test:
   1. Theshold is set to 17
   2. Inputs: 7, 9, A, A
   3. Outputs: (HIT, _), (HIT, _), (STAND, 17), (STAND, 18)

## Challenger Model
A coupling of hand and threshold, with the limitation that the threshold is set to 15.
Without the controller coupling yet, nothing prevents us from sending more inputs after the STAND.
1. Threshold test:
   1. Set threshold to 15
   2. Inputs: 2, 3, 5, 5, 5, K, A
   3. Outputs: (HIT, _), (HIT, _), (HIT, _), (STAND, 15), (STAND, 20), (STAND, 30), (STAND, 31)

## Hand Model
Hand has persistent cumulative state, need to test a series of inputs to see how it behaves.
Hand has a conversion function, need to test that it stores and outputs the right values.
1. Persistence, +conversion test: 
    - Inputs (in order) should be: {A, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, J, Q, K}
    - Outputs (in order) should be: 1, 3, 6, 10, 15, 21, 28, 36, 45, 55, 65, 75, 85.
    - Limitations: Only testing this assumes a different order will show the same intended behaviour.
2. Test Illegal input NO_CARD. Assume it's a 0 card
   - Inputs: NO_CARD, ACE, NO_CARD 
   - Output: 0, 1, 1
## Threshold Model
Threshold has a threshold constant variable (in state). It can take in values to compare against it.
There is no persistence. There are two output types (HIT/STAND), but it also appends the input value if it STANDs.
1. Threshold-C:
   1. Threshold initialized to 15
   2. in: 15 out: STAND, 15
   5. in: 16 out: STAND, 16
   5. in: 14 out: HIT, _
   3. in: 1  out: HIT, _
   4. in: 44 out: STAND, 44

2. Theshold-D:
   1. Threshold initialized to 17
   2. in: 17 out: STAND, 17
   5. in: 18 out: STAND, 18
   5. in: 16 out: HIT, _
   3. in: 1  out: HIT, _
   4. in: 44 out: STAND, 44

Commit message:

Test files - Challenger, Dealer, Players (#42)
* Adding missing IC in game.md

* Moved test case mains to their own folder

* Adding experimentation startegy

- I did not want to deal with the merge conflicts. Sorry git history.

* Updated experimental start for thresholds

* Added scripts with descriptions

* Added threshold inputs based on strategy

* Replace mock model by inputs

* Adding mains

* Updating makefile

- Also fixed import bugs
- Made scripts executable

* Updated strategy, created inputs from it (hand)

* Replacing mock_deck with input streams

* Adding mains

* Add scripts and description

* Added makefile executables

* Added in override for cards

* Fixed input typo

- Tests work now

* Fixed typo in strat

* Writing input files

* Updated test couplings

* Added mains

* Added scripts and description

* Added makefile builds

- Also made scripts executable

* Fixed input name issues

* Merged main into branch

* Defined players inputs and strategy

* Deleting mock models

* Rework input strategy

* Updating players coupling

* Added main

* Added script

* Updated makefile

* Fixed input filepath

documentation/experimentation-strategy.md, after:

# Experimentation Strategy
## Game Model
The game is responsible for starting a game and getting a winner
- Start a game
- Mock deck to ensure:
   * Dealer Win
   * Challenger Win
   * Tie
## Deck Model
- Receive a shuffle input -> the deck should be shuffled -> output HIT.
- Receive a draw(player) input -> the deck should draw a card to a specific player -> deck = deck - 1
## Controller Model


## Players Model
Make sure that cards can be directed to the right player (regardless of order), and they still behave the same as they did isolated.
1. Interweave test
   - Use inputs from dealer, challenger tests defined below but alternate their sent timings.
   - Inputs from Challenger should go on challengerIn port, dealer on DealerIn

## Dealer Model
The dealer is supposed to have a set threshold of 17, 
Mostly a repeat of the challenger tests, with a set threshold of 17. 
1. Threshold test:
   1. Theshold is set to 17
   2. Inputs: 7, 9, A, A
   3. Outputs: (HIT, _), (HIT, _), (STAND, 17), (STAND, 18)

## Challenger Model
A coupling of hand and threshold, with the limitation that the threshold is set to 15.
Without the controller coupling yet, nothing prevents us from sending more inputs after the STAND.
1. Threshold test:
   1. Set threshold to 15
   2. Inputs: 2, 3, 5, 5, 5, K, A
   3. Outputs: (HIT, _), (HIT, _), (HIT, _), (STAND, 15), (STAND, 20), (STAND, 30), (STAND, 31)

## Hand Model
Hand has persistent cumulative state, need to test a series of inputs to see how it behaves.
Hand has a conversion function, need to test that it stores and outputs the right values.
1. Persistence, +conversion test: 
    - Inputs (in order) should be: {A, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, J, Q, K}
    - Outputs (in order) should be: 1, 3, 6, 10, 15, 21, 28, 36, 45, 55, 65, 75, 85.
    - Limitations: Only testing this assumes a different order will show the same intended behaviour.
2. Test Illegal input NO_CARD. Assume it's a 0 card
   - Inputs: NO_CARD, ACE, NO_CARD 
   - Output: 0, 1, 1
## Threshold Model
Threshold has a threshold constant variable (in state). It can take in values to compare against it.
There is no persistence. There are two output types (HIT/STAND), but it also appends the input value if it STANDs.
1. Threshold-C:
   1. Threshold initialized to 15
   2. in: 15 out: STAND, 15
   5. in: 16 out: STAND, 16
   5. in: 14 out: HIT, _
   3. in: 1  out: HIT, _
   4. in: 44 out: STAND, 44

2. Theshold-D:
   1. Threshold initialized to 17
   2. in: 17 out: STAND, 17
   5. in: 18 out: STAND, 18
   5. in: 16 out: HIT, _
   3. in: 1  out: HIT, _
   4. in: 44 out: STAND, 44
